Add `cascadeSave` option in ParseObject to JS docs (#664)
ParsePlatform/Docs: _includes/js/objects.md

});
```

### Saving Nested Objects

> You may add a `Parse.Object` as the value of a property in another `Parse.Object`. By default, when you call `save()` on the parent object, all nested objects will be created and/or saved as well in a batch operation. This feature makes really easy managing relational data as you don't have to take care of creating the objects in any specific order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may add a `Parse.Object` as the value of a property in another `Parse.Object`. By default, when you call `save()` on the parent object, all nested objects will be created and/or saved as well in a batch operation. This feature makes it really easy to manage relational data as you don't have to take care of creating the objects in any specific order.
```

```javascript
var Child = Parse.Object.extend("Child");
var child = new Child();

var Parent = Parse.Object.extend("Parent");
var parent = new Child();

parent.save({child: child});
// Automatically the object Child is created on the server
// just before saving the Parent
```

> In some scenarios, you may want to prevent this default chain save. For example, when saving a team member's profile that points to an account owned by another user to which you don't have write access. In this case, setting the option `cascadeSave` to `false` may come in handy:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some scenarios, you may want to prevent this default chain save. For example, when saving a team member's profile that points to an account owned by another user to which you don't have write access. In this case, setting the option `cascadeSave` to `false` may be useful:
```

```javascript
var TeamMember = Parse.Object.extend("TeamMember");
var  = new TeamMember();

> teamMember.set('owninerAccount', ownerAccount);   // Supose `ownerAccount` to have been created earlier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
teamMember.set('owninerAccount', ownerAccount);   // Suppose `ownerAccount` has been created earlier.
```
